Hi, I'm Holly and I'm
a Cloud Security Architect
with Google Cloud.
At the beginning of
my adult career,
I sold hosiery while I
was going to school.
That led me into an opportunity
to work in banking,
which then led me into
an opportunity to work
in telecommunications.
From there I managed
to get myself into
a security vendor
and learn security.
Part of the way
that I was able to
change from my original half
of my tech career being
a database administrator
to getting into
cybersecurity was through
getting certificates
like you're doing today.
Those really helped me
gain credibility with
potential employers
when I didn't
have the experience in
this particular field yet.
Ethics are really the
crux of cybersecurity,
you need to be able to
be ethical in all of
your actions in order to be a
cybersecurity professional.
Examples of unethical
behavior are
usually honestly just
slight laziness,
people taking shortcuts
and not really
thinking about the
consequences of their actions.
So, certainly when people
share passwords to
systems or give out
private information,
or look into systems for
their own personal information
or purposes about people they
know or about celebrities.
One of the most difficult
situations that I ever faced in
my technology career related
to ethics was shortly after 9/11,
my boss's boss's boss came to me
with a bunch of keywords
that were clearly
related to the attack in
New York and asked me to
query the database that I
administered that had everybody's
text messages in it for
the entire
telecommunications company
without anything in writing
and without a court order.
I was in a very uncomfortable
position to tell
someone that much senior than me
that I wasn't
comfortable doing that.
I suggested that he bring
something in writing to
me to do that and he
found someone else
who did it for him.
When you're faced with one of
these difficult decisions,
it's good to think
about what would be
the consequences
of your decision.
My encouragement to those
of you out here taking
this program is that
the rewards that you
get from helping to protect
your company or your users or
your organization from cyber
criminals is really great.
We get to be the
good guys and help
protect our industry and
our customers from cyber attacks
and cyber criminals.
That's rewarding.